

[12]  arXiv:1705.03950 [pdf, ps, other]
Zig-zagging in a Triangulation
Wouter Kuijper
Comments: 4 pages, 3 figures
Subjects: Data Structures and Algorithms (cs.DS); Computational Geometry (cs.CG)
We present an oblivious walk for point location in 2-dimensional triangulations and a corresponding, strictly monotonically decreasing distance measure.
[13]  arXiv:1705.03951 [pdf, other]
Learning 3D Object Categories by Looking Around Them
David Novotny, Diane Larlus, Andrea Vedaldi
Subjects: Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (cs.CV)
Traditional approaches for learning 3D object categories use either synthetic data or manual supervision. In this paper, we propose instead an unsupervised method that is cued by observing objects from a moving vantage point. Our system builds on two innovations: a Siamese viewpoint factorization network that robustly aligns different videos together without explicitly comparing 3D shapes; and a 3D shape completion network that can extract the full shape of an object from partial observations. We also demonstrate the benefits of configuring networks to perform probabilistic predictions as well as of geometry-aware data augmentation schemes. State-of-the-art results are demonstrated on publicly-available benchmarks.
[14]  arXiv:1705.03955 [pdf]
VehSense: Slippery Road Detection Using Smartphones
Yunfei Hou, Abhishek Gupta, Tong Guan, Shaohan Hu, Lu Su, Chunming Qiao
Comments: 2017 IEEE 85th Vehicular Technology Conference (VTC2017-Spring)
Subjects: Systems and Control (cs.SY)
This paper investigates a new application of vehicular sensing: detecting and reporting the slippery road conditions. We describe a system and associated algorithm to monitor vehicle skidding events using smartphones and OBD-II (On board Diagnostics) adaptors. This system, which we call the VehSense, gathers data from smartphone inertial sensors and vehicle wheel speed sensors, and processes the data to monitor slippery road conditions in real-time. Specifically, two speed readings are collected: 1) ground speed, which is estimated by vehicle acceleration and rotation, and 2) wheel speed, which is retrieved from the OBD-II interface. The mismatch between these two speeds is used to infer a skidding event. Without tapping into vehicle manufactures' proprietary data (e.g., antilock braking system), VehSense is compatible with most of the passenger vehicles, and thus can be easily deployed. We evaluate our system on snow-covered roads at Buffalo, and show that it can detect vehicle skidding effectively.
[15]  arXiv:1705.03967 [pdf, ps, other]
GQ(λ) Quick Reference and Implementation Guide
Adam White, Richard S. Sutton
Subjects: Learning (cs.LG)
This document should serve as a quick reference for and guide to the implementation of linear GQ(λ), a gradient-based off-policy temporal-difference learning algorithm. Explanation of the intuition and theory behind the algorithm are provided elsewhere (e.g., Maei & Sutton 2010, Maei 2011). If you questions or concerns about the content in this document or the attached java code please email Adam White (adam.white@ualberta.ca).  The code is provided as part of the source files in the arXiv submission.
[16]  arXiv:1705.03972 [pdf, other]
Demographics of News Sharing in the U.S. Twittersphere
Julio C. S. Reis, Haewoon Kwak, Jisun An, Johnnatan Messias, Fabricio Benevenuto
Subjects: Social and Information Networks (cs.SI)
The widespread adoption and dissemination of online news through social media systems have been revolutionizing many segments of our society and ultimately our daily lives. In these systems, users can play a central role as they share content to their friends. Despite that, little is known about news spreaders in social media. In this paper, we provide the first of its kind in-depth characterization of news spreaders in social media. In particular, we investigate their demographics, what kind of content they share, and the audience they reach. Among our main findings, we show that males and white users tend to be more active in terms of sharing news, biasing the news audience to the interests of these demographic groups. Our results also quantify differences in interests of news sharing across demographics, which has implications for personalized news digests.
[17]  arXiv:1705.03973 [pdf]
Transreality puzzle as new genres of entertainment technology
Ilya V Osipov
Subjects: Human-Computer Interaction (cs.HC)
The author considers a class of mechatronic puzzles falling in the mixed-reality category, present examples of such devices, and propose a way to categorize them. Close relationships of such devices with the Tangible User Interface are described. The device designed by the author as an illustration of a mixed reality puzzle is presented.



[5]  arXiv:1705.03957 [pdf, other]
ALMA Images of the Orion Hot Core at 349 GHz
M.C.H. Wright, R.L. Plambeck
Comments: 6 pages, 4 figures
Subjects: Astrophysics of Galaxies (astro-ph.GA); Solar and Stellar Astrophysics (astro-ph.SR)
We present ALMA images of the dust and molecular line emission in the Orion Hot Core at 349 GHz. At 0.2" angular resolution the images reveal multiple clumps in an arc ~ 1" east of Orion Source I, the protostar at the center of the Kleinmann-Low Nebula, and another chain of peaks from IRc7 towards the southwest. The molecular line images show narrow filamentary structures at velocities > 10 km/s away from the heavily resolved ambient cloud velocity ~5 km/s. Many of these filaments trace the SiO outflow from Source I, and lie along the edges of the dust emission. Molecular line emission at excitation temperatures 300--2000 K, and velocities > 10 km/s from the ambient cloud, suggest that the Hot Core may be heated in shocks by the outflow from Source I or from the BN/Source I explosion. The spectral line observations also reveal a remarkable molecular ring, ~ 2" south of Source I, with a diameter ~ 600 AU. The ring is seen in high excitation transitions of HC3N, HCN v2=1, and SO2. An impact of ejecta from the BN/Source I explosion with a dense dust clump could result in the observed ring of shocked material.


[7]  arXiv:1705.03975 [pdf, other]
Parsec-scale obscuring accretion disk with large scale magnetic field in AGN
Anton Dorodnitsyn, Tim Kallman
Comments: Accepted to ApJ
Subjects: Astrophysics of Galaxies (astro-ph.GA)
Magnetic field dragged from the galactic disk along with inflowing gas can provide vertical support to the geometrically and optically thick pc-scale torus in AGN. Using the Soloviev solution initially developed for Tokamaks we derive an analytical model for a rotating torus supported and confined by magnetic field. We further perform three-dimensional magneto-hydrodynamics simulations of X-ray irradiated pc-scale magnetized tori. We follow the time evolution and compare models which adopt initial conditions derived from our analytic model with simulations in which the initial magnetic flux is entirely contained within the gas torus. Numerical simulations demonstrate that the initial conditions based on the analytic solution produce a longer-lived torus and one which produces obscuration which is generally consistent with observed constraints.
[12]  arXiv:1705.04313 [pdf, other]
Extended Red Emission in IC59 and IC63
Thomas S. -Y. Lai, Adolf N. Witt, Ken Crawford
Comments: 19 pages, 11 figures, accepted for publication in MNRAS
Subjects: Astrophysics of Galaxies (astro-ph.GA)
We analysed new wide-field, wide- and narrow-band optical images of IC 59 and IC 63, two nebulae which are externally illuminated by the early B-star {\gamma} Cas, with the objective of mapping the extended red emission (ERE), a dust-related photoluminescence process that is still poorly understood, in these two clouds. The spatial distribution of the ERE relative to the direction of the incident radiation and relative to other emission processes, whose carriers and excitation requirements are known, provides important constraints on the excitation of the ERE. In both nebulae, we find the ERE intensity to peak spatially well before the more extended distribution of mid-infrared emission in the unidentified infrared bands, supporting earlier findings that point toward far-ultraviolet (11 eV < Ephoton< 13.6 eV) photons as the source of ERE excitation. The band-integrated absolute intensities of the ERE in IC 59 and IC 63 measured relative to the number density of photons available for ERE excitation are lower by about two orders of magnitude compared to ERE intensities observed in the high-latitude diffuse interstellar medium (ISM). This suggests that the lifetime of the ERE carriers is significantly reduced in the more intense radiation field prevailing in IC 59 and IC 63, pointing toward potential carriers that are only marginally stable against photo-processing under interstellar conditions. A model involving isolated molecules or molecular ions, capable of inverse internal conversion and recurrent fluorescence, appears to provide the most likely explanation for our observational results.
[13]  arXiv:1705.03946 (cross-list from astro-ph.SR) [pdf, other]
The chemistry of episodic accretion in embedded objects. 2D radiation thermo-chemical models of the post-burst phase
Ch. Rab, V. Elbakyan, E. Vorobyov, M. Güdel, O. Dionatos, M. Audard, I. Kamp, W-F. Thi, P. Woitke, A. Postel
Comments: 17 pages, 6 figures, 2 tables. Accepted for publication in A&A
Subjects: Solar and Stellar Astrophysics (astro-ph.SR); Astrophysics of Galaxies (astro-ph.GA)
Episodic accretion is an important process in the evolution of young stars and their environment. The observed strong luminosity bursts of young stellar objects likely have a long lasting impact on the chemical evolution of the disk and envelope structure. We want to investigate observational signatures of the chemical evolution in the post-burst phase for embedded sources. With such signatures it is possible to identify targets that experienced a recent luminosity burst. We present a new model for episodic accretion chemistry based on the 2D, radiation thermo-chemical disk code ProDiMo. We have extended ProDiMo with a proper treatment for envelope structures. For a representative Class I model, we calculated the chemical abundances in the post-burst phase and produced synthetic observables like intensity maps and radial profiles. During a burst many chemical species, like CO, sublimate from the dust surfaces. As the burst ends they freeze out again (post-burst phase). This freeze-out happens from inside-out due to the radial density gradient in the disk and envelope structure. This inside-out freeze-out produces clear observational signatures in spectral line emission, like rings and distinct features in the slope of radial intensity profiles. We fitted synthetic C18O J=2-1 observations with single and two component fits and find that post-burst images are much better matched by the latter. Comparing the quality of such fits allows to identify post-burst targets in a model-independent way. Our models confirm that it is possible to identify post-burst objects from spatially resolved CO observations. However, to derive proper statistics, like frequencies of bursts, from observations it is important to consider aspects like the inclination and structure of the target and also dust properties as those have a significant impact on the freeze-out timescale.

[14]  arXiv:1705.04210 (cross-list from astro-ph.CO) [pdf, ps, other]
Tracing HI Beyond the Local Universe
Martin Meyer, Aaron Robotham, Danail Obreschkow, Tobias Westmeier, Alan Duffy, Lister Staveley-Smith
Comments: submitted to PASA
Subjects: Cosmology and Nongalactic Astrophysics (astro-ph.CO); Astrophysics of Galaxies (astro-ph.GA)
The SKA and its pathfinders will enable studies of HI emission at higher redshifts than ever before. In moving beyond the local Universe, this will require the use of cosmologically appropriate formulae that have traditionally been simplified to their low-redshift approximations. In this paper, we summarise some of the most important relations for tracing HI emission in the SKA era, and present an online calculator to assist in the planning and analysis of observations (hifi.icrar.org).
[8]  arXiv:1705.03926 [pdf, other]
Linguistic Diversities of Demographic Groups in Twitter
Pantelis Vikatos, Johnnatan Messias, Manoel Miranda, Fabricio Benevenuto
Comments: Proceedings of the 28th ACM Conference on Hypertext and Social Media 2017 (HT '17)
Subjects: Social and Information Networks (cs.SI)
The massive popularity of online social media provides a unique opportunity for researchers to study the linguistic characteristics and patterns of user's interactions. In this paper, we provide an in-depth characterization of language usage across demographic groups in Twitter. In particular, we extract the gender and race of Twitter users located in the U.S. using advanced image processing algorithms from Face++. Then, we investigate how demographic groups (i.e. male/female, Asian/Black/White) differ in terms of linguistic styles and also their interests. We extract linguistic features from 6 categories (affective attributes, cognitive attributes, lexical density and awareness, temporal references, social and personal concerns, and interpersonal focus), in order to identify the similarities and differences in particular writing set of attributes. In addition, we extract the absolute ranking difference of top phrases between demographic groups. As a dimension of diversity, we also use the topics of interest that we retrieve from each user. Our analysis unveils clear differences in the writing styles (and the topics of interest) of different demographic groups, with variation seen across both gender and race lines. We hope our effort can stimulate the development of new studies related to demographic information in the online space.
[9]  arXiv:1705.03933 [pdf, ps, other]
An Improved Video Analysis using Context based Extension of LSH
Angana Chakraborty, Sanghamitra Bandyopadhyay
Subjects: Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (cs.CV)
Locality Sensitive Hashing (LSH) based algorithms have already shown their promise in finding approximate nearest neighbors in high dimen- sional data space. However, there are certain scenarios, as in sequential data, where the proximity of a pair of points cannot be captured without considering their surroundings or context. In videos, as for example, a particular frame is meaningful only when it is seen in the context of its preceding and following frames. LSH has no mechanism to handle the con- texts of the data points. In this article, a novel scheme of Context based Locality Sensitive Hashing (conLSH) has been introduced, in which points are hashed together not only based on their closeness, but also because of similar context. The contribution made in this article is three fold. First, conLSH is integrated with a recently proposed fast optimal sequence alignment algorithm (FOGSAA) using a layered approach. The resultant method is applied to video retrieval for extracting similar sequences. The pro- posed algorithm yields more than 80% accuracy on an average in different datasets. It has been found to save 36.3% of the total time, consumed by the exhaustive search. conLSH reduces the search space to approximately 42% of the entire dataset, when compared with an exhaustive search by the aforementioned FOGSAA, Bag of Words method and the standard LSH implementations. Secondly, the effectiveness of conLSH is demon- strated in action recognition of the video clips, which yields an average gain of 12.83% in terms of classification accuracy over the state of the art methods using STIP descriptors. The last but of great significance is that this article provides a way of automatically annotating long and composite real life videos. The source code of conLSH is made available atthis http URL
[10]  arXiv:1705.03934 [pdf, other]
Autoscaling Bloom Filter: Controlling Trade-off Between True and False Positives
Denis Kleyko, Abbas Rahimi, Evgeny Osipov
Subjects: Data Structures and Algorithms (cs.DS)
A Bloom filter is a simple data structure supporting membership queries on a set. The standard Bloom filter does not support the delete operation, therefore, many applications use a counting Bloom filter allowing the deletion. This paper proposes a generalization of the counting Bloom filters approach, called "autoscaling Bloom filters", which allows elastic adjustment of its capacity with probabilistic bounds on false positives and true positives. In essence, the autoscaling Bloom filter is a binarized counting Bloom filter with an adjustable binarization threshold. We present the mathematical analysis of the performance as well as suggest a procedure for minimization of the false positive rate.
[11]  arXiv:1705.03943 [pdf, other]
Sub-Nyquist Channel Estimation over IEEE 802.11ad Link
Kumar Vijay Mishra, Yonina C. Eldar
Comments: 5 pages, 5 figures, SampTA 2017 conference
Subjects: Information Theory (cs.IT)
Nowadays, millimeter-wave communication centered at the 60 GHz radio frequency band is increasingly the preferred technology for near-field communication since it provides transmission bandwidth that is several GHz wide. The IEEE 802.11ad standard has been developed for commercial wireless local area networks in the 60 GHz transmission environment. Receivers designed to process IEEE 802.11ad waveforms employ very high rate analog-to-digital converters, and therefore, reducing the receiver sampling rate can be useful. In this work, we study the problem of low-rate channel estimation over the IEEE 802.11ad 60 GHz communication link by harnessing sparsity in the channel impulse response. In particular, we focus on single carrier modulation and exploit the special structure of the 802.11ad waveform embedded in the channel estimation field of its single carrier physical layer frame. We examine various sub-Nyquist sampling methods for this problem and recover the channel using compressed sensing techniques. Our numerical experiments show feasibility of our procedures up to one-seventh of the Nyquist rates with minimal performance deterioration.

[1]  arXiv:1705.03646 [pdf, ps, other]
Lefschetz thimbles in fermionic effective models with repulsive vector-field
Yuto Mori, Kouji Kashiwa, Akira Ohnishi
Comments: 6 pages, 5 figures
Subjects: High Energy Physics - Lattice (hep-lat); High Energy Physics - Phenomenology (hep-ph); High Energy Physics - Theory (hep-th); Nuclear Theory (nucl-th)
We discuss two problems in complexified auxiliary fields in fermionic effective models, the auxiliary sign problem associated with the repulsive vector-field and the choice of the cut for the scalar field appearing from the logarithmic function. In the fermionic effective models with attractive scalar and repulsive vector-type interaction, the auxiliary scalar and vector fields appear in the path integral after the bosonization of fermion ilinears. When we make the path integral well-defined by the Wick rotation of the vector field, the oscillating Boltzmann weight appears in the partition function. This "auxiliary" sign problem can be solved by using the Lefschetz-thimble path-integral method, where the integration path is constructed in the complex plane. Another serious obstacle in the numerical construction of Lefschetz thimbles is caused by singular points and cuts induced by multivalued functions of the complexified scalar field in the momentum integration. We propose a new prescription which fixes gradient flow trajectories on the same Riemann sheet in the flow evolution by performing the momentum integration in the complex domain.
[2]  arXiv:1705.03812 [pdf, ps, other]
Dependence of the propagators on the sampling of Gribov copies inside the first Gribov region of Landau gauge
Axel Maas
Comments: 44 pages, 21 figures, 1 table
Subjects: High Energy Physics - Lattice (hep-lat); High Energy Physics - Phenomenology (hep-ph)
Beyond perturbation theory the number of gauge copies drastically increases due to the Gribov-Singer ambiguity. Any way of treating them defines, in principle, a new, non-perturbative gauge, and the gauge-dependent correlation functions can vary between them. Herein various such gauges will be constructed as completions of the Landau gauge inside the first Gribov region. The dependence of the propagators and the running coupling on these gauges will be studied for SU(2) Yang-Mills theory in two, three, and four dimensions using lattice gauge theory, and for a wide range of lattice parameters. While the gluon propagator is rather insensitive to the choice, the ghost propagator and the running coupling show a stronger dependence. It is also found that the influence of lattice artifacts is larger than in minimal Landau gauge.
[2]  arXiv:1705.03922 [pdf, other]
Pre-earthquake State Identification by Micro-earthquake Spike Trains Dissimilarity Analysis
Arash Andalib, Raheleh Baharloo, Jose C. Principe
Subjects: Applications (stat.AP)
The exact mechanisms leading to an earthquake are not fully understood and the space-time structural features are non-trivial. Previous studies suggest the seismicity of very low intensity earthquakes, known as micro-earthquakes, may contain information about the source process before major earthquakes, as they can quantify modifications to stress or strain across time that finally lead to a major earthquake. This work uses the history of seismic activity of micro-earthquakes to analyze the spatio-temporal statistical independence among the monitoring stations of a seismic network. Using point process distance measures applied to the micro-earthquakes' spike trains recorded in these stations, a pre-earthquake state is defined statistically with the aim of finding a relation between the level of dissimilarity among stations' readings and the future occurrence of larger earthquakes in the region. This paper also addresses the compatibility of this statistical approach with the Burridge-Knopoff spring-block physical model for earthquakes. Based on the results, there is evidence for an earthquake precursory state associated with an increase in spike train dissimilarity as evaluated by a statistical surrogate test.
[3]  arXiv:1705.03938 [pdf, other]
A three-dimensional statistical model for CLSM images of porous polymer films
Sandra Barman, David Bolin
Subjects: Applications (stat.AP)
A thresholded Gaussian random field model is developed for the microstructure of porous materials. Defining the random field as a solution to a stochastic partial differential equation allows for flexible modelling of non-stationarities in the material and facilitates computationally efficient methods for simulation and model fitting. A Markov Chain Monte Carlo algorithm is developed and used to fit the model to three-dimensional confocal laser scanning microscopy images. The methods are applied to study a porous ethylcellulose/hydroxypropylcellulose polymer blend that is used as a coating to control drug release from pharmaceutical tablets. The aim is to investigate how mass transport through the material depends on the microstructure. We derive a number of goodness-of-fit measures based on numerically calculated diffusion through the material. These are used in combination with measures that characterize the geometry of the pore structure to assess model fit. The model is found to fit stationary parts of the material well.
[3]  arXiv:1705.03787 [pdf, other]
A note on the impact of management fees on the pricing of variable annuity guarantees
Jin Sun, Pavel V. Shevchenko, Man Chung Fung
Subjects: Pricing of Securities (q-fin.PR); Computational Finance (q-fin.CP)
Variable annuities, as a class of retirement income products, allow equity market exposure for a policyholder's retirement fund with electable additional guarantees to limit the downside risk of the market. Management fees and guarantee insurance fees are charged respectively for the market exposure and for the protection from the downside risk. We investigate the impact of management fees on the pricing of variable annuity guarantees under optimal withdrawal strategies. Two optimal strategies, from policyholder's and from insurer's perspectives, are respectively formulated and the corresponding pricing problems are solved using dynamic programming. Our results show that when management fees are present, the two strategies can deviate significantly from each other, leading to a substantial difference of the guarantee insurance fees. This provides a possible explanation of lower guarantee insurance fees observed in the market. Numerical experiments are conducted to illustrate our results.
